Total accuracy = 0.835820895522388
Predicted, Actual, Correct
c_avellana, c_avellana, True
c_avellana, c_avellana, True
c_cornuta, c_cornuta, True
c_americana, c_americana, True
c_avellana, c_americana, False
c_avellana, c_avellana, True
c_avellana, c_avellana, True
c_cornuta, c_cornuta, True
c_cornuta, c_cornuta, True
c_americana, c_americana, True
c_avellana, c_avellana, True
c_cornuta, c_cornuta, True
c_americana, c_americana, True
c_cornuta, c_cornuta, True
c_americana, c_americana, True
c_avellana, c_cornuta, False
c_americana, c_americana, True
c_avellana, c_americana, False
c_avellana, c_avellana, True
c_cornuta, c_cornuta, True
c_americana, c_americana, True
c_americana, c_americana, True
c_avellana, c_avellana, True
c_americana, c_americana, True
c_americana, c_avellana, False
c_cornuta, c_cornuta, True
c_avellana, c_avellana, True
c_avellana, c_cornuta, False
c_cornuta, c_cornuta, True
c_americana, c_americana, True
c_americana, c_americana, True
c_avellana, c_avellana, True
c_cornuta, c_americana, False
c_americana, c_americana, True
c_cornuta, c_cornuta, True
c_americana, c_americana, True
c_cornuta, c_cornuta, True
c_avellana, c_avellana, True
c_cornuta, c_cornuta, True
c_americana, c_americana, True
c_cornuta, c_americana, False
c_cornuta, c_cornuta, True
c_cornuta, c_cornuta, True
c_avellana, c_avellana, True
c_cornuta, c_cornuta, True
c_cornuta, c_cornuta, True
c_americana, c_americana, True
c_americana, c_cornuta, False
c_avellana, c_avellana, True
c_cornuta, c_cornuta, True
c_cornuta, c_cornuta, True
c_cornuta, c_cornuta, True
c_americana, c_americana, True
c_cornuta, c_cornuta, True
c_americana, c_cornuta, False
c_cornuta, c_cornuta, True
c_cornuta, c_cornuta, True
c_avellana, c_avellana, True
c_cornuta, c_cornuta, True
c_avellana, c_avellana, True
c_avellana, c_avellana, True
c_americana, c_americana, True
c_cornuta, c_cornuta, True
c_avellana, c_americana, False
c_cornuta, c_americana, False
c_avellana, c_avellana, True
c_americana, c_americana, True
